1325522795
Application	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
Asset	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/models/ckeditor/asset.rb	class Ckeditor::Asset 
AttachmentFile	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/models/ckeditor/attachment_file.rb	class Ckeditor::AttachmentFile 
BrowsingTest	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
Cat	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/models/cat.rb	class Cat 
CatTest	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/test/unit/cat_test.rb	class CatTest 
CatsController	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/cats_controller.rb	class CatsController 
CatsControllerTest	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/test/functional/cats_controller_test.rb	class CatsControllerTest 
CatsHelper	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/helpers/cats_helper.rb	module CatsHelper
CatsHelperTest	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/test/unit/helpers/cats_helper_test.rb	class CatsHelperTest 
Cleartest	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/config/application.rb	module Cleartest
Content	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/models/content.rb	class Content 
ContentTest	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/test/unit/content_test.rb	class ContentTest 
ContentsController	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/contents_controller.rb	﻿class ContentsController 
ContentsControllerTest	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/test/functional/contents_controller_test.rb	class ContentsControllerTest 
ContentsHelper	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/helpers/contents_helper.rb	module ContentsHelper
ContentsHelperTest	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/test/unit/helpers/contents_helper_test.rb	class ContentsHelperTest 
CreateCats	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/db/migrate/20111229185731_create_cats.rb	class CreateCats 
CreateCkeditorAssets	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/db/migrate/20111231190112_create_ckeditor_assets.rb	class CreateCkeditorAssets 
CreateContents	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/db/migrate/20111229191606_create_contents.rb	class CreateContents 
CreatePosts	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/db/migrate/20111229190524_create_posts.rb	class CreatePosts 
CreateStatuses	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/db/migrate/20111229184709_create_statuses.rb	class CreateStatuses 
PagesController	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	class PagesController 
PagesControllerTest	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/test/functional/pages_controller_test.rb	class PagesControllerTest 
PagesHelper	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/helpers/pages_helper.rb	module PagesHelper
PagesHelperTest	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/test/unit/helpers/pages_helper_test.rb	class PagesHelperTest 
Picture	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/models/ckeditor/picture.rb	class Ckeditor::Picture 
Post	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/models/post.rb	class Post 
PostTest	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/test/unit/post_test.rb	class PostTest 
PostsController	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	﻿class PostsController 
PostsControllerTest	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/test/functional/posts_controller_test.rb	class PostsControllerTest 
PostsHelper	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/helpers/posts_helper.rb	module PostsHelper
PostsHelperTest	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/test/unit/helpers/posts_helper_test.rb	class PostsHelperTest 
Status	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/models/status.rb	class Status 
StatusTest	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/test/unit/status_test.rb	class StatusTest 
TestCase	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
change	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/db/migrate/20111229184709_create_statuses.rb	  def change
change	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/db/migrate/20111229185731_create_cats.rb	  def change
change	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/db/migrate/20111229190524_create_posts.rb	  def change
change	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/db/migrate/20111229191606_create_contents.rb	  def change
create	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/cats_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/contents_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/cats_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/contents_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/db/migrate/20111231190112_create_ckeditor_assets.rb	  def self.down
edit	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/cats_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/contents_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/cats_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/contents_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def index
initialize	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def initialize
new	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/cats_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/contents_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	 def new
parseUrl	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/public/javascripts/ckeditor/plugins/attachment/dialogs/attachment.js	function parseUrl(url){var filename=url.split('/').pop();var extname=filename.split('.').pop();return{filename:filename,className:"attach_"+extname}}return{title:editor.lang.attachment.title,minWidth:420,minHeight:200,onShow:function(){this.fakeObj=false;var editor=this.getParentEditor(),selection=editor.getSelection(),ranges=selection.getRanges(),element=null,me=this;if(ranges.length==1){var rangeRoot=ranges[0].getCommonAncestor(true);element=rangeRoot.getAscendant('a',true);if(element&&element.getAttribute('href')){selection.selectElement(element)}else if((element=rangeRoot.getAscendant('img',true))&&element.getAttribute('_cke_real_element_type')&&element.getAttribute('_cke_real_element_type')=='anchor'){this.fakeObj=element;element=editor.restoreRealElement(this.fakeObj);selection.selectElement(this.fakeObj)}else element=null}this.setupContent(parseLink.apply(this,[editor,element]))},onOk:function(){var attributes={href:'javascript:void(0)/*'+CKEDITOR.tools.getNextNumber()+'*/'},removeAttributes=[],data={href:attributes.href},me=this,editor=this.getParentEditor();this.commitContent(data);var url=data.url||'';attributes._cke_saved_href=(url.indexOf('/')===0)?url:"http://"+url;var file=parseUrl(url);var title=data.title||'';attributes.title=(data.title.length==0)?file.filename:data.title;attributes.class=file.className;if(data.target){if(data.target.type!='notSet'&&data.target.name)attributes.target=data.target.name;else removeAttributes.push('target');removeAttributes.push('_cke_pa_onclick','onclick')}if(!this._.selectedElement){var selection=editor.getSelection(),ranges=selection.getRanges();if(ranges.length==1&&ranges[0].collapsed){var text=new CKEDITOR.dom.text(attributes.title,editor.document);ranges[0].insertNode(text);ranges[0].selectNodeContents(text);selection.selectRanges(ranges)}var style=new CKEDITOR.style({element:'a',attributes:attributes});style.type=CKEDITOR.STYLE_INLINE;style.apply(editor.document)}else{var element=this._.selectedElement;if(CKEDITOR.env.ie&&attributes.name!=element.getAttribute('name')){var newElement=new CKEDITOR.dom.element('<a name="'+CKEDITOR.tools.htmlEncode(attributes.name)+'">',editor.document);selection=editor.getSelection();element.moveChildren(newElement);element.copyAttributes(newElement,{name:1});newElement.replace(element);element=newElement;selection.selectElement(element)}element.setAttributes(attributes);element.removeAttributes(removeAttributes);if(element.getAttribute('title'))element.setHtml(element.getAttribute('title'));if(element.getAttribute('name'))element.addClass('cke_anchor');else element.removeClass('cke_anchor');if(this.fakeObj)editor.createFakeElement(element,'cke_anchor','anchor').replace(this.fakeObj);delete this._.selectedElement}},contents:[{label:editor.lang.common.generalTab,id:'general',accessKey:'I',elements:[{type:'vbox',padding:0,children:[{type:'html',html:'<span>'+CKEDITOR.tools.htmlEncode(editor.lang.attachment.url)+'</span>'},{type:'hbox',widths:['280px','110px'],align:'right',children:[{id:'src',type:'text',label:'',validate:CKEDITOR.dialog.validate.notEmpty(editor.lang.flash.validateSrc),setup:function(data){if(data.url)this.setValue(data.url);this.select()},commit:function(data){data.url=this.getValue()}},{type:'button',id:'browse',filebrowser:'general:src',hidden:true,align:'center',label:editor.lang.common.browseServer}]}]},{type:'vbox',padding:0,children:[{id:'name',type:'text',label:editor.lang.attachment.name,setup:function(data){if(data.title)this.setValue(data.title)},commit:function(data){data.title=this.getValue()}}]},{type:'hbox',widths:['50%','50%'],children:[{type:'select',id:'linkTargetType',label:editor.lang.link.target,'default':'notSet',style:'width : 100%;','items':[[editor.lang.link.targetNotSet,'notSet'],[editor.lang.link.targetFrame,'frame'],[editor.lang.link.targetNew,'_blank'],[editor.lang.link.targetTop,'_top'],[editor.lang.link.targetSelf,'_self'],[editor.lang.link.targetParent,'_parent']],onChange:targetChanged,setup:function(data){if(data.target)this.setValue(data.target.type)},commit:function(data){if(!data.target)data.target={};data.target.type=this.getValue()}},{type:'text',id:'linkTargetName',label:editor.lang.link.targetFrameName,'default':'',setup:function(data){if(data.target)this.setValue(data.target.name)},commit:function(data){if(!data.target)data.target={};data.target.name=this.getValue()}}]}]},{id:'Upload',hidden:true,filebrowser:'uploadButton',label:editor.lang.common.upload,elements:[{type:'file',id:'upload',label:editor.lang.common.upload,size:38},{type:'fileButton',id:'uploadButton',label:editor.lang.common.uploadSubmit,filebrowser:{target:'general:src',action:'QuickUpload',params:editor.config.filebrowserParams()},'for':['Upload','upload']}]},]}})})()
post	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def post
show	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/cats_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/contents_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
title	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def title(page_title)
to_param	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/models/post.rb	  def to_param
up	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/db/migrate/20111231190112_create_ckeditor_assets.rb	  def self.up
update	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/cats_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/contents_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def update
url_content	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/models/ckeditor/picture.rb		def url_content
url_thumb	/home/dl/sites/cleartest/app/models/ckeditor/attachment_file.rb		def url_thumb
